good morning claudio salinas claro
I pass the security measures a
fan that was here waiting for alexis
before he could be with the tocopillano with
this arsenal player who arrived does
few minutes was with him the
policemen tried to stop this girl
to follow photography with the selector
national but it was alexis himself
sanchez who intervened to be able
take this picture with the fan
that then passed this security it
He took a picture even with Alexis before
fulfilled the dream of millions of fans
of fanatics
unfortunately Claudio that photo does not
the photo came out strangely did not come out
the same inmate showed the photograph
only dogs leave the bridge
of the former unemployed who also came by
supposed atom and hamlet then are the
Selected Chileans who arrived
during this morning first he did gary
medel
came to this place also the
family of
the pitbull of inter Milan string
to receive it specifically his father
your family and also your friends
remember that they have very little time
relatives to be with the
selected that immediately
they move to juan painting then what
Matías Fernández and David did
pizarro when we see this image of
when he arrives at gary medel at the airport
Arturo Merino Benitez International
gave time to greet the fans
they arrived too and then
later it was alexis' turn
sanchez this arsenal player that
draw attention in Chile and the
world and that here of course in the
airport also took the biggest
Expectation of the fans that arrived
then to receive them and this takes shape
Chilean team is already taking the red
for what is going to be this final stretch of
the previous preparation
what will be the debut against
Ecuador on July 11 at 8:30 p.m.
in the national stadium
as I was saying they move
immediately to juan pinto durán the
selected there is no time to waste
has very but very little time
many variants that are going to have to
visualize with the own sampaoli jorge
they are going to do it during this morning with
regenerative works for
later to be free during the
late us in a few minutes we
let's move up to juan painting
because he's going to hold a conference
press two players who have not yet
they define but they're going to be talking
with the media on the day of
tomorrow , the
players are directed by jorge
sampaoli to be able to start
define the outline the details for the
last friendly that will have the red
in front of el salvador on Friday
7 o'clock in the afternoon at the stadium
Lieutenant from Rancagua told you that
they go quickly east until Juan Pinto
they will not have time and subsequently
obviously they are going to have these
workouts but they are not going to
move to the mountain
the east that is the place that had
chosen jorge sampaoli for the
preparation of the 'red' you do not know the
reasons but finally they will stay
in santiago juan pinto durán ending
this final straight before the match
in front of the Ecuadorians we
we move to Juan Pinto Durán
claudio to be able to have reactions of
what will be the day's training
today that will be only in one
day in the afternoon during the
late the last will be free
moment that the
selected nationals prior to
friendly match against the savior and
subsequently obviously for the
encounter in front of
Ecuador the arrival of the players and
has 20 selected jorge sampaoli in
their practices waiting for what
happen tomorrow with the arrival
of the hamburg hero as it was
cataloged marcelo díaz after this
goal that allowed him to go to elongate his
team in the German league in the
promotion that prevented the decline of
hamburg will then do it the day of
tomorrow marcelo díaz and later already
next week they will be
integrating arturo vidal works and
claudio recorded two players who are going to
be defining the party more
important year in europe as it is
the final of the champions league between
barcelona and he and juventus that's going to
happen on Saturday in this final that
obviously you will consider the attention
of the world of football and of course the
of Chileans who are going to be vigilant
to obtain for the first time a
Chilean of this important tournament
as is the champions league
claudio to raul attentive everyone to see
that game of course for the
football fans especially and to learn
the grill had also been
seeing one we return with you more
ahead